They say that life
never ceases to be a mystery.
Please welcome the finalists
of Wajah Ayu Indonesia 2010!
Nor does it always provide answers.
And time keeps passing.
A moment.
An hour.
A day.
A week.
A month.
And so on.
That said, I found
my true calling as an actress
during my teenage years.
Moving from one role to another.
Those roles made sense
of all the things about life
that I didn't understand.
Let's give a round of applause
for our first finalist,
Ava Alessandra.
To further introduce each finalist
of Wajah Ayu Indonesia 2010,
we will start by asking
finalist number eight a question.
Who is your role model?
My mother.
A strong and inspiring woman
who loves her family.
Maya!
Your daughter will win!
She never complains
and has no regrets in life.
- What kind of wife are you?
- Everyone
- is also tired!
- I'm so tired of you!
Do you know...
I'm so done with you! I'm done!
My heart is broken!
Go away!
Just so you know...
- Go away!
- I'm tired!
I'm so done!
Go away!
After my father left her,
my mother had to work really hard.
Day and night.
As a housekeeping staff at a hotel,
she worked tirelessly to raise me,
educate me,
and make sure that I could achieve
whatever dreams I wanted.
Ava's previous movies have always been
featured in international festivals.
And it's quite an honor for me
to pair up a seasoned actor
like Reza Malik
with the rising star Ava Alessandra
as Ken Arok and Ken Dedes.
Miss Ava!
Please smile, miss!
Look this way, miss!
Okay, miss!
One more time!
Okay. One, two...
Congratulations to the winner
of Wajah Ayu Indonesia 2010!
SECOND RUNNER UP
I hope she can always
inspire women in Indonesia.
And thus...
Who's there?
Maya!
What are you doing?
You've been spacing out.
Finish your work, quick.
Don't forget to turn off the rest.
ADAPTED FROM A NOVEL BY IKA NATASSA
CONDOM
I'll take this one, too.
- How much?
- It's 50,000.
Here's the change.
INDONESIAN IDENTITY CARD
You're a coward!
You wasted my time
listening to your grand speeches.
About your dreams,
your ambitions,
your aspirations.
All your grievances.
Even your hatred towards my husband,
Tunggul Ametung.
A hatred that infected me
like a deadly venom.
And now that I ask you to take action,
you have doubts,
you're afraid!
Cut! Malik?
Is it my line?
I'm really sorry.
This part.
One more line left.
Any more feedback?
Huh?
What was wrong with my acting earlier?
It's difficult.
Me? Difficult?
It's difficult for me.
Difficult to talk to me? What do you mean?
It's difficult to keep up with you.
You were really great.
For real.
Let's proceed to scene 74.
Interior, Tunggul Ametung's room, day.
Tunggul Ametung looks at Ken Dedes,
who is silent and angry
after being humiliated by him
at the party.
And action.
I've turned you from
a mere commoner to a goddess!
I elevated you
from a Pandhita's child to a princess!
I gave you everything!
Gold, jewels,
even a crown!
I never asked for any of it.
Ken Dedes gets up from the bed,
then walks towards the window.
Over there.
Let me remind you
where you came from, Dedes.
The father you grew up remembering
is a fake Pandhita.
I killed him not because I wanted you,
but because he had molested
all the women in your village.
- My father didn't do it!
- That's exactly what he did!
You've been blinded all this time.
You remember false memories.
When I was about to end his life,
he begged for mercy
and offered you as his payout.
But he loved me.
What could you possibly know about love?
You were born from the womb of a harlot.
Your seed grew
because of fortune!
And you...
were the child that no one wished for.
Ava, look at me.
Take a deep breath, slowly.
Exhale.
One... two...
Two.
Three...
Would you like a break?
Let me take care of it.
I'm fine. It's okay.
I just need some space.
Okay.
It happened to me, too.
Especially when it comes
to scenes about mothers,
it's quite rough.
When it spoke about losses,
my mind rushed back to times
where I had to take my mother
for chemo every fortnight.
Well, it wasn't so bad
that I had a panic attack,
but still, it wasn't easy.
I had to...
catch my breath,
distance myself from the situation,
and be alone for a while.
Then, I get back. It's hard, I know.
So, what's haunting you?
I'm here if you need someone to talk to.
Your father left us,
but we keep on living.
As long as you understand.
Disappointment is part of life, Ava.
We did the discussion together!
Then it's your fault
for not being thorough.
Yes!
Then check it properly!
- Dinner's ready.
- I have to...
Do you get it?
This is a work matter.
There's a problem with my contract.
Sorry, but the food's getting cold.
How many times do I have to tell you
not to interrupt my work?
Do you think my work
is less important than your food?
- I'm sorry.
- Look at me when you speak.
Let's eat.
It's getting cold.
Your food is second to none.
Just like you.
You mean the world to me.
Does it hurt?
I'm sorry.
No tips for trainees.
Come.
The towel.
Can you also please fix up my room?
Why aren't you going in?
I think it's inappropriate. He's...
You've never seen a naked man before?
Don't get any ideas.
No one's going to lust after you either.
You reek of wet mop.
Go.
Miss!
No need to change the bed sheet.
Just fix it up!
Pardon?
No need to change the bed sheet.
Just fix it up!
Yes, sir.
INDONESIAN IDENTITY CARD
Are you done?
Just do the rest later.
Yes, sir.
Miss.
Wait.
There is not a single war challenge
that I run away from.
No enemies that I fear.
No amount of pain enough
to make me avoid or defy death.
Except for you.
You are my battlefield.
My enemy.
My pain.
My challenge of death.
I am very grateful to have been given
this opportunity by Mr. Ranbir.
Through this role of Ken Dedes, I was
introduced to some very talented people.
I got to work with Cornelio Sunny,
a director whose work
I have always admired.
Also, Reza Malik,
a co-star who is always supportive
and open to share his experiences.
I should've done this long ago.
You're nothing without me.
Did you forget the one
who made you who you are today?
Yet, I'm no more than just a shadow
and an accessory in your every ambition.
When I first became an actor
at the age of 12,
my father told me that
a good actor is one who could bring out
the best in their co-stars.
I hope that's what I did with Ava,
supporting her performance in this movie.
You're not the one.
You wear a crown,
but you remain a commoner at heart.
You're a fake.
I think
Ava has extraordinary commitment
and dedication as Ken Dedes.
And in her hand, I'm sure
Ken Dedes will become an icon
of Indonesia's strong female figures.
Cut!
Ava, you nailed it in the beginning!
Why did you stop?
I'm sorry.
Ava! Hey.
Let's wrap it up.
Ava. Hey.
It's okay.
Breathe. Calm down.
Take a deep breath.
It's okay.
Hey, look at me.
Ken Arok deserves to die.
Okay?
- Those incidents flash before my eyes.
- I know. That's okay.
It's okay. Come here.
You're stronger than this, okay?
You just need to act.
That's it. Okay?
Breathe.
It's okay.
Ava, are you dating Malik?
What's your next project?
Ava, how are you still single?
Ava, what about your father?
- Ava!
- Do you resent your father?
Did it affect your career in any way?
Ava, are you really dating Malik?
- Ava!
- Please, one at a time.
- What do you have to say, Ava?
- Sorry.
- Are you two really dating?
- Ava! Malik!
Ava! Ava!
Ava!
Slate 149, take three.
Take!
Cut!
The one who just kissed you
was not Ken Arok, it was Malik.
I just want you to know.
How was it?
My mom didn't get to watch my movies.
She had bone tuberculosis
when I got my first
soap opera contract from Mas Tito.
By the time it aired,
she had already passed away.
What about your father?
Ever looked for him?
I have.
No luck?
Nope.
I'm allowed to hate my own father, right?
Meaning?
Meaning, the more you try
to not see, hear, or feel anything,
the more those feelings
will demand to be seen, heard, and felt.
That's far too complicated.
Look, the bottom line is
that you don't actually hate your father,
you miss him.
In movies, we have the script
to serve as a guide.
It works as a compass for us to follow.
Then, there's the director
that yells "Action!" and "Cut!".
But we don't have that in real life.
But...
every actor has their own method
of getting in and out of their character.
- You have your way as well.
- Yep.
Let's say you're in a horror movie,
what would you do?
I'm not sure.
I've never been offered to play in one.
But if given the opportunity,
I'd love to do it.
I think it would be exciting.
It's a horror movie,
and you're playing the ghost.
How are you going to go back to being Ava?
I would hide in my kind of place.
And where is that place?
Can't tell you.
It's a secret.
Maya, where are you?
Don't forget to eat.
INDONESIAN IDENTITY CARD
Who's there?
- Miss.
- Stay away from me!
Easy there, miss. Hey. I'm trying to help.
I should be the one asking who you are
and why you are in my closet.
You're the one who stalked me.
I'm just taking back my wallet you stole.
So, you're that
chicken onion cup noodle girl?
So, it's true that you stalked me.
Now, let me out
- or I'll scream.
- Please stay calm.
I admit that I followed you that night
- to return your wallet that--
- Liar!
Why didn't you just call out to me?
You think I'm that stupid?
How? I don't even know your name.
I haven't even seen inside your wallet.
I'm not a bad person.
I'm Raga.
I'm Av...
Maya.
You left your wallet.
Thank you, Raga.
Your pen.
Maya!
May.
You look like
you've been chased by a ghost.
I've been calling you.
I'm sorry.
Iis is sick.
We have to cover for her now.
Get ready.
This is good.
You want some?
Aren't you feeling lonely?
No boyfriend. You hardly ever go out.
On your days off,
you stay cooped up in the dorm.
It makes one think
that you're a fugitive or something.
You don't do drugs, do you?
No.
Deep in debts?
ACTOR REZA MALIK IS SLOWLY RECOVERING
Seriously, this is
all they're talking about.
A single scratch is apparently worth
a whole media coverage.
Don't they have anything else?
GOSSIP
Now this is what I'm talking about.
...in secret. It is said that the husband
is the owner of the largest
coal mine in Kalimantan.
I'm no more than just a shadow
and an accessory in your every ambition.
You're not the one.
You wear a crown,
but you remain a commoner at heart.
You're a fake!
What do you guys think?
It's great.
I love it.
Your performances are top-notch.
And I'm glad this movie
brought you two together.
I wish you would no longer
hide your relationship from the public.
Be open to the public.
Let the world know that you are a couple.
A love story that came true.
Let's go, Malik, Ava.
Hello.
- How are you?
- Good. How are you?
I'm good.
Such an honor to have both of you here.
But so many people
are against you two dating.
Well, that's okay.
They have the right to their opinion.
I think people say that
because they don't know Ava like I do.
But over time,
I'm sure that they'll understand
why I'd fall for this wonderful woman.
Yes, they're involved with each other.
The chemistry continues off set
after filming Arok & Dedes.
And remember, it's coming out in December.
One word to describe
your hope for this relationship.
No copying each other's answer.
- No giving any sort of code. Okay?
- Okay.
Three, two, one.
Eternal. Why, Ava?
It's just my wish.
It just scares me
how something beautiful
could one day change and...
well, just disappear.
I bet most women feel the same way.
What do you think, Malik?
For me, it's "happy".
Because every relationship
is about finding happiness
with your partner.
And I hope this relationship
will always bring us happiness.
In response to Ava's answer,
I think it's normal to have fear
and to hope for eternity.
And this is my promise to not leave her.
That's it.
A flower arrangement
gives you peace of mind.
Every texture,
composition,
color combination,
is a reflection of harmony
within our lives.
And the Citra Award
for Best Leading Actress goes to...
Ava Alessandra in Arok & Dedes!
I would like to express my gratitude
to my late mother,
who always pushed me to be the best.
A figure who instilled the belief in me
that a life without a father
doesn't mean a life without a future.
This evening, I would like
to dedicate this trophy
to my father,
wherever you are.
Thank you to the jury as well,
my director, Cornelio Sunny,
my producer, Mr. Ranbir,
Reza Malik,
and the whole cast and crew because
I wouldn't be here without all of you.
Any thoughts?
I told you you'd win!
But you didn't believe me.
What's with you? You just won an award.
Oh, dear.
What's wrong?
I've been calling Agus,
but he's not picking up.
Something's bothering you. What's wrong?
I can't believe I'm just
a part of the cast and crew.
No special acknowledgement whatsoever.
You didn't even mention
how you feel about me. Nothing.
I was so nervous. I didn't expect to win.
I was up against Christine Hakim.
You know how I feel about you.
No. Apparently not.
Even Tito got a special mention.
He and I go back a long way.
He discovered me.
But he's rarely on set.
He's not always there for you.
He was not there when
you were struggling with Ken Dedes.
He wasn't there, was he?
- But I was.
- All right.
- Later, at the after part--
- He's just a manager
who's only in it for the money.
That's it. You understand?
Look, at the after party,
I'll ask Mr. Ranbir
- for another speech--
- Don't bother.
Just go by yourself.
I'm going home. I have a shoot tomorrow.
If you're not going, then I'm not going.
No, please go.
Everyone expects you to come.
I can tell them I'm not feeling well.
- So, you'll lie because of me?
- I lie because I don't want to be there.
By yourself.
- But you'll go if I go.
- Of course!
Please don't make this complicated!
What? No!
I'm not making this complicated. You are.
Good grief.
Hey, you're asleep?
- Do I pay you to sleep?
- No, sir.
I've been calling you, for God's sake.
Open the door!
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry, sir.
Ma'am, come in.
- I've been trying to reach you.
- Yes, I'm sorry, sir.
Idiot.
Babe.
I wouldn't have gotten this award
if it weren't for you.
This is your win, too.
The jury should think so too.
I didn't even get nominated.
I asked Garin when I ran into him.
Why would you ask him?
He's the head of the jury.
I didn't ask you to.
I was just wondering
why you weren't nominated.
What did he say?
Garin actually vouched for you,
but the others disagreed.
Really? How sad
that they have such low standards.
Well, it can't be helped.
It didn't even register to them
how hard it was to be Ken Arok.
And to build chemistry with you
on top of that?
They have no idea
how much I struggled on set.
Stop snooping! Go!
- Sorry, sir.
- Who are you waiting for?
- Yes, sir.
- Idiot.
Where to, sir?
Wherever the hell you want!
Just head home. I'll go home by myself.
- Close the door! For God's sake!
- Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. Closing the door, sir.
- You want to sleep?
- No, sir. I want to work.
May!
We're in luck!
You got one, too.
I can't believe
such a generous person still exists.
Not to mention handsome.
Who gave you this?
Mr. Raga. Room 718.
None for me, thank you.
Why not? I thought you liked nasi uduk.
Mr. Raga said so.
Look, it has your name on it.
I'm still not really sure why
he walked up to me and gave us this.
He said to thank you
for letting him know about this nasi uduk.
You really aren't going to eat it?
Oh, please, Maya. It's just nasi uduk.
It’s not like he’s trying
to buy you or something.
It's really good.
I could've picked you up at the airport
if I knew it was your day off.
It wasn't supposed to be.
That's why Tito agreed to this photoshoot.
We're done. Thank you.
He didn't tell me your flight schedule.
Really? I asked him to.
He did, but it was so last minute.
You've probably landed already.
He seems quite possessive.
I honestly don't get it.
You're just imagining things.
The photoshoot is starting soon, Ava.
Give us a moment.
- It's been delayed for 30 minutes.
- It shouldn't be a problem.
Everyone will listen to Ava's manager.
Just make it work.
I'm ready, Tito. Let's go.
I'll be right back.
You have to deal with Malik.
What you just did was very unprofessional.
If only you gave him access, right, Tito?
- Good day, everyone.
- Good day.
For me, acting is not pretending.
Acting needs honesty,
so that we can fully understand
the characters we try to portray.
Wouldn't you get them mixed up?
Reality and imagination.
Well, no.
Just like that time I played Ken Dedes,
she was my reality when I was on set.
I put away my life as Ava for a while.
So, your relationship with Malik,
was it a reality
or just a promotional gimmick?
What do you think?
It was pretty convincing.
But you know Malik has a history
of dating his co-stars, right?
Any other questions?
Sorry, she's uncomfortable.
Sorry.
Is it always this hard to get to know you?
We're not allowed to interact
with hotel guests during working hours.
What about after?
Excuse me.
- There she is. One moment, sir.
- Yes, go ahead.
Maya!
May!
Mr. Raga asked you to show him
Mr. Zainal's nasi uduk place.
The one in the alleyway.
Can't you take him instead?
I'm going home.
I can't. I'm going out with Dadang.
Office hours are over.
Just take it easy.
Okay?
Sir!
She's ready to take you.
- Thanks.
- Excuse me.
Let's go, Dang.
You look uncomfortable
eating here with me.
I'm sorry.
I really want to get to know you.
I have no friends here.
If you're looking for a friend,
it doesn't have to be me.
Consider this an apology
for scaring you back then.
- Enjoy, sir, miss.
- Thank you.
You look familiar.
Have we met before?
You ordered chicken breast, didn't you?
- Yes.
- They mixed it up.
May I ask what you do for a living?
I work in finance.
I handle M&A, mergers and acquisitions.
I used to be in risk management.
I was a partner
in a private equity in Auckland.
M&A is more about...
buying and selling companies.
Like now,
we're in the process
of acquiring a mining company...
Yes, I understand.
We've only been talking
about me all night.
My life story is nothing interesting.
It's okay if you don't want
to talk about it.
I'm glad to have someone
to "nguduk" together.
What's "nguduk"?
You know, eat some nasi uduk.
Va! What?
Maya!
Sir, you can go ahead.
I have something else to do.
Oh, okay.
Maya?
Lives in New Zealand.
Finance guy.
Is he single?
It seems so.
What do you mean "seems"?
Hey! Is he single or not?
- I really don't know.
- Is he?
- I have no idea.
- Is he single?
I'll ask him later.
What about...
the other problem?
It's gone viral.
This is not why I asked you to meet up.
Okay. Sorry.
I'm sorry, Ms. Maya.
So, what's his name again?
What is it?
Ra... who?
- Ra...
- Ra. Ga.
- Who? Raja?
- Raga!
Raga!
I see. And his surname?
You don't know?
You don't?
Hi, guys. Welcome back to Z-Vlogs.
As we know, Ava Alessandra's
latest movie, Satu Kata,
is released back-to-back
with Reza Malik's Operasi Samudera.
- Which means, this couple's movies
- Do you really have to watch it now?
will compete with each other.
- How do you think it will turn out?
- Those things are the reason
Indonesian movies flunk hard.
I don't pay much attention to it.
I'm just curious.
Because they're praising you, right?
No. I've got my share of bad reviews.
You're the one who told me
not to take harsh comments personally.
But that's a personal attack.
I don't know how those idiots think.
They claim to be reviewers
while knowing nothing
about how we worked ourselves to death
behind the scene.
Do they think it's easy
to act in front of a green screen?
I spent months
working on those fighting scenes.
They'll never know how I exhausted myself.
- They do nothing but comment.
- Hey.
I know how you worked really hard.
Don't be so snappy, okay?
I'm not. I'm just saying.
It's starting.
Okay, the next look.
- Right here?
- Yes.
Good. Ready?
Three, two, one.
Good. One more. Three, two, one.
Good.
More of that. Good.
Babe. You're quite tense.
Be more relaxed.
Okay? Smile.
Keep going.
There you go.
Hey, sorry. This side of her hair.
- Hair!
- Fix it.
Miss.
Just a touch.
- Try...
- Malik...
He's the photographer.
We have the creative agency
and the client here.
They know what they're doing.
Please give them some space.
For Ava.
I know what I'm doing, too.
Please wait outside.
Open the door.
What are you doing? Open up!
Hey! Open it. Open the door!
Hey, open it! Open the door!
- Housekeeping!
- Yes. Just a second.
Come in!
Just go...
Come in.
Wait there for a bit.
Yeah...
May, wait a bit.
I'll talk to you after this.
May, we need to talk.
May! Wait.
Yes, wait.
Maya, hold on.
Maya?
May?
May!
Maya!
Which room?
There it is!
Hang on.
Mr. Raga.
Why are you here?
I'm looking for Maya.
She's in the laundry room.
You can't be here, sir. It's staff only.
Oh, sorry.
Okay.
How badly have you been hurt, Maya,
for you to be this traumatized?
What do you mean?
I'm talking about Mr. Raga.
He keeps asking about you.
He's wondering what he did wrong.
Because you keep avoiding him.
I just want to work here.
Listen, Maya.
People like us will mostly
end up with people like Dadang,
who buys motorbikes in installments.
Who can't even afford
to spend a night here.
Now, someone manly and well-off
shows an interest in you,
but you turn him down.
I don't want it messing up my job.
You can't be serious.
We're in housekeeping.
We deal with messes,
whether we like it or not.
Don't be stupid, Maya.
If you really end up with him,
your job here will be
the last thing you worry about.
Your life will turn upside down.
The next time you're here,
you'll be welcomed from every direction.
Who knows, I'll probably
be the one cleaning your room.
I don't mind at all.
As long as you leave me a huge tip.
I just can't stand
seeing you sad all the time.
But I'm happy.
You seriously think
that face screams happy?
You're going to regret it once he leaves.
Unlock the door. I'm getting out.
Come on, now. Why are you so angry?
I just miss the old us.
The talking, the sharing.
I love you. Really.
Instagram live? Are you out of your mind?
It's just a joke.
No need to act like this!
Stop being dramatic.
Ava, stop!
If you keep this up,
- Shut up!
- I get why your father left you!
- Out of the way!
- Try some patience, moron!
Out of the way!
- Hello.
- Ava, where are you?
Are you okay?
I'm okay, Tito. Lara will pick me up.
The reporters won’t stop hounding us!
Please handle it for me.
Thank you.
Alright then.
It's going viral already, Va.
You see now?
I've told you he's a jerk.
He's toxic for you.
Where will you go now?
It's the promise to ourselves
that we tend to break.
Are you seriously gonna wear that?
You're not going to the store
for some noodles, Maya.
You're going on a date with Mr. Raga.
No one's going on a date.
Two people going out at night...
That's a date.
Wait here. Let me get my clothes.
That looks so much better.
It fits you.
Don't you think so?
Whose clothes are these?
A guest left it in her room.
Zip it.
Should I just rent this out?
Just 100,000 for the laundry.
Okay?
Your face is flawless.
- Do you get facials?
- No.
- Look at that smudge. Let me clean it.
- No. It's okay.
I should get going.
Okay.
One more try.
You're pretty good at bowling.
Do you play often, or...
Sometimes.
I've never met a girl like you before.
What kind of girl do you mean?
Just different.
You're true to yourself.
Authentic.
And so hard to be taken out on a date.
Despite the variety of shapes and colors,
they are there to compliment each other.
Harmony will come to life
once each element finds its place.
When it's the right time to move forward
and when it's the right time to step back.
When all parts fulfill
each of their purpose,
we shall experience its beauty.
We will find inner peace.
Tranquility.
Happiness will flow all over us
like water.
This is the purpose of our work.
Happy anniversary, my dear.
Happy anniversary, love.
To our marriage.
May it last forever.
To a harmonious and happy life forever.
Five years.
Five things I've learned about you.
Five things that drive you up the wall.
Your late mother.
Your job.
Your favorite meal.
Your infertility.
And the fifth one?
The last one is my love for Ikebana.
The profession you refer to as "florist".
You got it wrong on the last one.
If I hated it,
your workshop would've been long gone.
Maybe not yet.
Ava.
I'm really sorry. I was wrong.
Please listen to me.
I was harsh to you.
I was tasteless. I was childish.
But I was in no way trying to hurt you.
Look at me. I need to say this.
Just for a moment.
When you walked away, I panicked.
I can't lose you, Ava.
I love you so much.
Please don't leave me.
Please.
I'm not your mother
who left you at the orphanage.
I'm not her.
Shut up!
You turned me into a monster.
You're the sick one, Raisa. Not me.
You missed a line.
Should we break,
or can we do another take?
I need some time.
Let's take a break.
We'll reset in a moment.
Okay.
What was that?
What happened?
Now, calm down.
Wipe your tears.
Go back to set and finish the shoot.
That's it.
- See how Raisa breaks free from Iman?
- We're not Raisa...
- Three years, I've been such a naive fool!
- We're not Raisa and Iman.
- I didn't learn from my mother.
- This isn't about the roles we play!
Stop with that pointless
method acting of yours!
It's so pretentious.
You've been living
in your own fictional world.
This isn't the first time
you act this way.
- You're here because of me!
- I don't care!
This Ava wouldn't exist
if it weren't for you.
But I refuse to live with the same trauma!
You're not Raisa, and I'm not Iman.
Do you understand?
- Malik, we're starting.
- Okay.
I got it.
I think there's a problem.
Right?
Okay.
Okay, should we start now?
- Okay.
- You're okay?
Okay. So, we're using the take
from earlier,
but we're starting with the scene
before Iman stabs Raisa.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Shall I do the same move?
Whatever suits you.
Art department!
The knife, please.
- It's a dummy, right?
- Yes, ma'am.
- All right.
- Okay.
Okay. Ready?
All set!
Slate 948, take three.
- Cut.
- Medic!
- Get the medic! Hurry!
- Hey!
Wait...
Hey, stop rolling!
Why are you filming this?
What's the name?
Ms. Ava, the penthouse
is on the 18th floor, as usual.
Booked for you until the end of the month.
Please make sure I'm incognito.
Yes, ma'am. Incognito.
Thank you.
The production of the film Semenjana
seems to face a delay due to the incident.
Reza Malik is currently
under medical care,
while Ava Alessandra's whereabouts
remain unknown.
Ava's manager, Tito Gunarto,
refused to provide further information.
A seasoned actor would be able
to control his emotions
in such a way during a scene,
no matter how brutal the character gets.
Will this be the end
of Ava Alessandra's career?
Speculation arises that Ava's actions
was driven by her bitter past trauma.
Can I help you with anything?
Get me some clothes from the mall, please.
Buy anything you like in size small.
This is the best Baim could do.
An ID under the name of Maya.
INDONESIAN IDENTITY CARD
This resume is specially made
in such a way
that the hotel
won't be able to reject you.
Chassy packed this bag.
You'll find a wig, cosmetics,
pretty much everything you need.
Thank you, Tito.
Are you sure about this?
Okay.
HR OFFICE
Here's your employment contract.
Let's watch this video material.
If needed, please take notes.
HOUSEKEEPING'S SOP AND WORK SCHEDULE
ROUTINE TASKS THAT MUST BE DONE
BY HOUSEKEEPING
- Dahlia.
- Yeah? What is it, sir?
This is Maya.
- Maya.
- Dahlia.
They say that life
never ceases to be a mystery.
Aren't you feeling lonely?
No boyfriend. You hardly ever go out.
Nor does it always provide answers.
It makes one think
that you're a fugitive or something.
I'm sorry, Maya.
I really want to get to know you.
I'm Raga.
May.
I'm reading a journal.
I found something
on panic attack treatment.
Would you like to try it?
Just in case
you have another panic attack.
Okay, let's try it.
What is your favorite city?
Bandung.
What is your unfulfilled wish?
To be happy.
What do you enjoy most?
Acting in front of...
I mean bowling.
When was the last time you fell in love?
Sorry.
I shouldn't have asked that.
No problem.
But if you want to talk, I'll listen.
It's not important.
It is important.
It reminds me of my childhood.
As kids, there were
a gazillion things we didn't know.
How planes stay afloat
despite their weight.
Why don't clouds fall to the earth?
Why it rains.
Sir, hold on.
But as we get older, it seems like
those questions lose their importance
and turn into complicated ones.
Like what?
Like...
Why am I here with you?
I'm always happy when I'm with you.
You make things different.
Come here!
Thanks for being there for me
when I'm lonely.
Excuse me. Good evening.
Oh, hello.
May I help you, sir?
I'm a guest at the hotel.
For guests,
please use the front gate, sir.
Sorry.
It's okay. I'll be fine from here.
Do you know why
they never let us clean
the Presidential Suite
ever since you started working here?
You said someone is renting it monthly.
Guess who.
No, who?
- Thank you, sir.
- Sure.
Sir, just drop me off right here.
Hold on. I left something.
Sir!
I left something inside.
Apparently, she's hiding there.
She got involved in a case
of assault against her boyfriend.
I see.
Is that all you want to say?
Some people came here,
including her boyfriend,
looking for her.
When they checked her room,
she wasn't there.
She's gone. Everyone was at a loss.
It's late. Aren't you sleepy?
I am.
But I'm not done.
Then I looked up the news about her.
Turns out, her mother used to work here.
As a housekeeping staff, too, no less.
You...
must be Ava Alessandra.
Trust me,
I'm your only friend here.
Holy crap! You really are Ava Alessandra!
This is insane!
All this time I’ve been working
with a movie star!
Cleaning the bathroom,
scrubbing the toilet.
Freaking unbelievable.
Man! You're such a good actress!
You fooled us all!
The HR department, me, Mr. Raga!
Dang!
May.
- Raga, I can explain.
- It's not your fault.
It's my fault to think
that you were different.
I'm here to get my jacket.
...just in case
you have another panic attack.
Acting in front of...
I mean bowling.
When was the last time you fell in love?
What is your unfulfilled wish?
To be happy.
RAGA ASSAD: MAYA, THANK YOU
FOR ACCOMPANYING ME TO DINNER
You need to be fair
to your own feelings, Va.
What do you mean?
Ever since we started being friends,
and I've always been
your faithful listener,
I've always wanted to say something.
But I've been keeping it to myself
because I didn't want you
to feel like you're being judged
by your best friend.
You're being too harsh on yourself.
You have this unresolved childhood wound
that you've been clutching on to,
but never try to resolve.
I don't know how to resolve it.
I've tried therapy, but...
Have you tried
actually meeting your father?
Find him. Confront him.
If the therapy didn't work...
that's because all you did
was to write letters to your younger self.
To your past self.
But then, what?
They didn't ask you to find the truth.
Well, I'm no therapist.
I'm just using my simple logic.
We don't see each other that much, Ra.
But every time we do,
I always demanded to be listened to.
- Look--
- Let me finish.
Okay.
This time, I'll listen to you.
What should I do?
Hi, Va.
Find your father.
Meet him.
Be mad at him. Scream at him.
Do whatever it takes
to heal those wounds inside you.
Okay.
This week, Reza Malik's attorney
will file a report against Ava Alessandra
to the police over assault allegations
made by Ava towards Malik
during the filming of their latest movie.
Everyone,
we, as the legal counsel of Reza Malik,
would like to address
how our client is in good faith
to consider reconciling with Ms. Ava.
But we're finding it hard to see Ms. Ava.
Settle everything with Reza Malik.
You can't keep running away.
Clean up all the mess
before you plunge yourself
into another relationship.
This is what I meant by "fair".
For you and for anyone
that's coming into your life.
Did you think of Luna's feelings?
This is her debut movie.
Everything's ruined
just because you're being dramatic!
Care for a drink?
Coffee? Tea?
I invited you here to talk about us.
Can we try?
Okay. What do you want?
I think I've had enough of us.
I think we should break up.
No.
We're not gonna break up.
Mr. Raga.
If you please,
Miss Ava Alessandra
is waiting for you at the restaurant.
Miss Ava. Can you please give
your comments on the news?
Okay, settle down, everyone.
I will provide further details regarding
the progress of this movie.
So, the problem now is time...
I will give...
I've invested a lot in this relationship.
I created you.
Now, you're just gonna spit me out?
I have nothing left for you anymore.
That seems easy for you to say.
Tito, I know Ava is here.
- I have to see her.
- Let's calm down a bit.
Ava actually asked me to come get you.
I NEED TO ESCAPE MALIK
Come.
AND TELL EVERYONE WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON
What the hell, Ava?
You're just gonna disappear without
an explanation after what happened?
This is her debut movie.
Everything's ruined
just because you're being dramatic!
I think we should break up.
No.
We're not gonna break up.
Have you gone mad?
I've invested a lot in this relationship.
I created you.
Now, you're just gonna spit me out?
I have nothing left for you anymore.
That seems easy for you to say.
Say it again.
- Say it.
- It hurts.
Say it.
I've had enough of what
you've done to me all this time.
You always manage
to push me into a corner, Va.
It's you.
Let me go... or I'll scream!
Go ahead. Scream.
Go on.
You have no proof.
Everyone on set knows what you did to me.
Did you forget?
Did you?
All right.
Call Mr. Ranbir and Luna.
Set up a meeting with them.
Tell them that you're committed
to finish the filming.
All right?
Okay? Or else,
I'll file a report to the police tomorrow.
Got it?
Pack your bags.
I'll be waiting.
Okay, I said...
- What do you say about this video, sir?
- Be patient...
Yes, sir. What do you say?
I'll take full responsibility
for all the losses I’ve caused you.
We can continue this movie
with another cast.
Lun, I'm so sorry that
your first movie ended up like this.
I understand.
It's okay.
- Malik!
Thank you so much, Dahlia.
You're welcome.
Why are you thanking me?
All I did was scold you all the time.
Thank you for that.
It reminds me of what it felt like
to be scolded.
Here? You can't find
another place to meet?
Everyone's too scared
to scold a penthouse guest.
You're such a pain!
I think I'm gonna miss these moments.
Getting inside the service area
with a hotel staff.
Who turned out to be in disguise.
I don't think being "in disguise"
is the right term.
What, then?
Incognito?
Va.
I'm flying home tomorrow.
I don't want to miss the chance
to say this to you.
Can we start over?
I want to know more about you.
As Ava.
Well...
We might be worlds apart,
but I'll try to manage.
Maybe I could find
other opportunities in Jakarta,
or maybe we could
try a long distance relationship
while trying to see
if there's a real connection?
Well...
Let's give it a try.
Ava.
Ava Alessandra.
Raga Assad.
- Hi, Raga.
- Hi.
Good evening.
Your father is waiting over there.
- Thanks, Tito.
- Ava.
If anything happens,
you know I'm right here.